[Music]
your macaw is a very special bird the
fact Blu is the last male of his kind I
have a car you the only other blue
macaws in Rio de Janeiro Brazil don't
worry I'm gonna make Blu look IRA's
system she's beautiful she's like an
angel okay I had nothing to do with that
you have to admit it's actually a pretty
good song ya wanna reach
works every time from the creators of
Ice Age
Heiner the last blue macaws on earth
these are worth a fortune
yes I can't fly I picked my beat and
once in a while I pee in the birdbath
there's a spider on my back it's just a
leaf
turn around leaf told you have jesse
eisenberg Bobo here can't fly maybe we
can find a bus schedule or something
George Lopez
why does not what you think up here is
what you feel in here crazy Morgan my
god
I didn't mean to curse you I am baby fox
with big Ninja talents and then he was
like how many with me a little princess
and I was like yeah
[Music]
you did not feel it in here